= checkboxes_helper

An action_view's form helper about has_many through associaions in ruby on rails application.

== Usage

  <%= f.check_boxes(:collection, Collection.all.map { |c| [c.id, c.label] }, { :class => "class_value"  } )  %>
  
  <%= f.collection_check_boxes(:collection, Collection.all, :id, :name,  { :class => "class_value"  } )  %>

== Sample 

Models are

  class Book
    has_many :book_genres
    has_many :genres, :through => :book_genres
  end

  class BookGenre
    belongs_to :book
    belongs_to :genre
  end

  class Genre
    has_many :book_genres
    has_many :books, :through => :book_genres
  end

You write to app/views/books/_form.html.erb as follows

  <%= form_for(@book) do |f| %>  
  ...
  <%= f.check_boxes(:genres, Genre.all.map{|g| [g.id, g.name] }) %>
  ...
  <% end %>

The erb gerenate checkboxes, for example

  <ul>
    <li><input type="checkbox" name="book[genre_ids][]" value="1" checked>
    <li><input type="checkbox" name="book[genre_ids][]" value="2">
  </ul>

And in the book_controller, the book model is updated, the book_genres intermediate table is updated too.
So you call only

  @book.update_attributes(params[:book])

or 
  
  @book.save(params[:book]) 


== Contributing to checkboxes_helper
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 nil paulownia. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

